0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

That is the longest word in the dictionary and the maximum length of a word accepted by the program.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

It measures the amount of ressources like time and memory used by a program and its children.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

There are 16 members in a variable type of struct rusage.

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

The getrusage asks for a pointer (struct rusage *usage), and it is considerably more efficient to pass in an address rather the
value of a large struct.
    
4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.

First main must open the file and check that it can be opened. It then initializes the file pointer "fp". The loop will iterate
through the text one character at a time using fgetc(fp) and continues until the EOF. In each iteration main checks that the
character is alphabetical or an apostrophe so as to be considered part of a word and is appended to the current work. 
Words longer than LENGTH are subsequently ignored as are numbers and punctuation safe for apostrophes. Once main finds a
non-alphabetical(including apostrophe) and non-numerical character, the current word is terminated with '\0'
and sent through check().

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

The fscanf function relies on whitespace and non-whitespace characters and would be unable to distinguish between characters and punctuation
in a string. This would eventually culminate into having words that included punctuation. In order to fix that we would have to go
back through each word and remove any unwanted punctuation. 

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

Variables being declared as constant prevents changes to them while we point at them for comparrison purposes. 
